[codemod: next-i18next/copy-keys] copy keys from one translation namespace to the other (#389)
intuita-inc/codemod-registry: next-i18next/copy-keys/README.md

# next-i18next Copy Keys

## Description

> This codemod copies specific keys from one translation namespace to the other, for all supported languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This codemod copies specific keys from one translation namespace to another, for each of the supported languages.
```

The codemod expects the following arguments:

> -   `oldNamespace` is the name of the namespace to take the keys from,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `oldNamespace` is the name of the namespace from which the keys are taken,
```

> -   `newNamespace` is the name of the namespace to copy the keys to,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `newNamespace` is the name of the namespace to which the keys are copied,
```

-   `keys` is a comma-separated list of keys.

> You need to pass these arguments using the Codemod Arguments' settings or using the Intuita CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to pass these arguments using the Codemod Arguments' settings or [Intuita CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@intuita-inc/intuita).
```

## Example:

### Before:

> #### .../en/common.json

Reviewer: isn't it better to codify these file paths?
